README.md, before:

# Classic Arcade Game Clone Project

## Table of Contents

- [Instructions](#instructions)

Hi there, and welcome "Get to da wada, now!". This game is inspired by the classic arcade game "Frogger". It works pretty much the same. By using the arrow keys (⇐, ⇑, ⇓, ⇒) on your keyboard, try to make your character cross safely the brick road where the ladybugs are in their rush hour traffic. If you are hit don't worry, you get one more chance to cross the road.

- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Instructions

Use this [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/15/view) for self-checking your submission.

Make sure the functions you write are **object-oriented** - either class functions (like `Player` and `Enemy`) or class prototype functions such as `Enemy.prototype.checkCollisions`. Also make sure that the keyword `this` is used appropriately within your class and class prototype functions to refer to the object the function is called upon.

Your **README.md** file should be updated with instructions on both how to 1. Run and 2. Play your arcade game.

For detailed instructions on how to get started, check out this [guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub?embedded=true).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.

Commit message:

doc: updates README.md after star inclusion

README.md, after:

# Classic Arcade Game Clone Project

## Table of Contents

- [Instructions](#instructions)

Hi there, and welcome "Get to da wada, now!". This game is inspired by the classic arcade game "Frogger". It works pretty much the same. By using the arrow keys (⇐, ⇑, ⇓, ⇒) on your keyboard, try to make your character cross safely the brick road where the ladybugs are in their rush hour traffic. If you are hit don't worry, you get one more chance to cross the road. And, if you happen to find a star on the way, try to catch it make extra points!

- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Instructions

Use this [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/15/view) for self-checking your submission.

Make sure the functions you write are **object-oriented** - either class functions (like `Player` and `Enemy`) or class prototype functions such as `Enemy.prototype.checkCollisions`. Also make sure that the keyword `this` is used appropriately within your class and class prototype functions to refer to the object the function is called upon.

Your **README.md** file should be updated with instructions on both how to 1. Run and 2. Play your arcade game.

For detailed instructions on how to get started, check out this [guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v01aScPjSWCCWQLIpFqvg3-vXLH2e8_SZQKC8jNO0Dc/pub?embedded=true).

## Contributing

This repository is the starter code for _all_ Udacity students. Therefore, we most likely will not accept pull requests.
